cacá silva rock radio globe the player one
Hello Brazil, let's remember the cup of
the world of 1998 more precisely so
finals of that competition
the goal of the Brazilian team came in
ronaldo second half to 23 seconds
josé carlos told you to play
attention guys stole the ball in the second
time the brazilian exit roberto carlos
and delivering to 1.6
everybody talks but jorginho
everything is 11
bruno created 2 23 gold groups designed
talking everything even from the cock
the villain the money will not sue
his brother was the one who went and the ball was in
background of the string was ronaldinho who
demanded
Look there Brazil supports this normal time.
the Brazilian team draw with the
Dutch team by 1-1 reached as
fearsome penalty shootout in the
charges ronaldo converted the first
chicken is converted to the team
Dutch evaldo converted second
cardigan did not spill to Holland and in
year converted billing and lost coconut
Dunga concludes that he was as good as he was with
responsibility to mark the
Dutch selection continue with chances
to go to the final narration of José
Carlos you will see what
happened that day July 7, 1998
Go, what's your little boy's going to
penalty and the team in the
Netherlands
look around 4-2 4-2 and will hinder
disrupt the pink shirt tattoo artist
after the game in the pilot village
no brasil
The crowd goes all over.
That's why, I never hit Brazil.
It's burning the church a lot.
want to
the average final of the world cup in the year
2000 and so is the Brazilian national team
advanced to its second final
consecutive trike with the home team and
narration by josé carlos araújo you will
to follow in the next audio what
happened in this sharing a hug to
all the friends who accompanied you from 2007 m
productions and electrons brazil